CASMPET-7265 add node to management-nodes-rollout to restart goss-servers on worker nodes (#5503)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/node_management/Reboot_NCNs.md

    Refer to the "Platform Health Checks" section in [Validate CSM Health](../validate_csm_health.md) for an overview of the health checks.

>     1. (`ncn-mw#`) Restart `goss-servers` on all NCNs to ensure the correct tests are run on each node. This is necessary because of a timing issue on the nodes that has been fixed in CSM 1.6.1.

Reviewer: Save as my previous comment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. (`ncn-mw#`) If the CSM version is 1.6.0 or lower, then restart the `goss-servers` service on all NCNs to ensure the correct tests are run on each node. This is necessary due to a timing issue that is fixed in CSM 1.6.1.

    > Skip this step if the CSM version is 1.6.1 or above. This step will cause no harm if done on CSM 1.6.1 or higher, but it is unnecessary.
```
